benami her mother-in-law said to her my
benami her mother-in-law said to her my daughter shall I not seek security for
daughter shall I not seek security for
daughter shall I not seek security for you that it may be well with you now
you that it may be well with you now
you that it may be well with you now Boaz whose young women you were with is
Boaz whose young women you were with is
Boaz whose young women you were with is he not our relative in fact he is
he not our relative in fact he is
he not our relative in fact he is winnowing barley tonight at the
winnowing barley tonight at the
winnowing barley tonight at the threshing floor
threshing floor
threshing floor therefore wash yourself and anoint
therefore wash yourself and anoint
therefore wash yourself and anoint yourself put on your best garment and go
yourself put on your best garment and go
yourself put on your best garment and go down to the threshing floor but do not
down to the threshing floor but do not
down to the threshing floor but do not make yourself known to the man until he
make yourself known to the man until he
make yourself known to the man until he has finished eating and drinking then it
has finished eating and drinking then it
has finished eating and drinking then it shall be when he lies down that you
shall be when he lies down that you
shall be when he lies down that you shall notice the place where he lies and
shall notice the place where he lies and
shall notice the place where he lies and you shall go in uncover his feet and lie
you shall go in uncover his feet and lie
you shall go in uncover his feet and lie down and he will tell you what you
down and he will tell you what you
down and he will tell you what you should do all that you say to me I will
should do all that you say to me I will
should do all that you say to me I will do
so she went down to the threshing floor
so she went down to the threshing floor and it according to all that her
and it according to all that her
and it according to all that her mother-in-law instructed her and after
mother-in-law instructed her and after
mother-in-law instructed her and after Boaz had eaten and drunk his heart was
Boaz had eaten and drunk his heart was
Boaz had eaten and drunk his heart was cheerful he went to lie down at the end
cheerful he went to lie down at the end
cheerful he went to lie down at the end of the heap of grain and she came softly
of the heap of grain and she came softly
of the heap of grain and she came softly and covered his feet and lay down now it
and covered his feet and lay down now it
and covered his feet and lay down now it happened at midnight but the man was
happened at midnight but the man was
happened at midnight but the man was startled and turned itself and there a
startled and turned itself and there a
startled and turned itself and there a woman was lying at his feet who are you
woman was lying at his feet who are you
woman was lying at his feet who are you I am Ruth your maidservant take your
I am Ruth your maidservant take your
I am Ruth your maidservant take your maidservant under your wing for you are
maidservant under your wing for you are
maidservant under your wing for you are a close relative blessed are you of the
a close relative blessed are you of the
a close relative blessed are you of the Lord my daughter for you have shown more
Lord my daughter for you have shown more
Lord my daughter for you have shown more kindness at the end than at the
kindness at the end than at the
kindness at the end than at the beginning and that you did not go after
beginning and that you did not go after
beginning and that you did not go after young men whether poor or rich and now
young men whether poor or rich and now
young men whether poor or rich and now my daughter do not fear I will do for
my daughter do not fear I will do for
my daughter do not fear I will do for you all that you requests for all the
you all that you requests for all the
you all that you requests for all the people of my town know that you are a
people of my town know that you are a
people of my town know that you are a virtuous woman now it is true that I am
virtuous woman now it is true that I am
virtuous woman now it is true that I am a close relative
a close relative
a close relative however there is a relative closer than
however there is a relative closer than
however there is a relative closer than I stay this night and in the morning it
I stay this night and in the morning it
I stay this night and in the morning it shall be that if he will perform the
shall be that if he will perform the
shall be that if he will perform the duty of a close relative for you good
duty of a close relative for you good
duty of a close relative for you good let him do it but if he does not want to
let him do it but if he does not want to
let him do it but if he does not want to perform the duty for you then I will
perform the duty for you then I will
perform the duty for you then I will perform the duty for you as the Lord
perform the duty for you as the Lord
perform the duty for you as the Lord lives
lives
lives lie down until morning so she let his
lie down until morning so she let his
lie down until morning so she let his feet until morning
[Music]
[Music] and she arose before one could recognize
and she arose before one could recognize
and she arose before one could recognize another
another
another [Music]
[Music]
[Music] do not let it be known that the woman
do not let it be known that the woman
do not let it be known that the woman came to the threshing floor
came to the threshing floor
came to the threshing floor [Music]
[Music]
[Music] bring the shawl that is on you and hold
bring the shawl that is on you and hold
bring the shawl that is on you and hold it
and when she held it he measured six
and when she held it he measured six keifa's of Barney and laid it on her
keifa's of Barney and laid it on her
keifa's of Barney and laid it on her [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then she went into the city where she
then she went into the city where she
then she went into the city where she came to her mother-in-law she said is
came to her mother-in-law she said is
came to her mother-in-law she said is that you my daughter then she told her
that you my daughter then she told her
that you my daughter then she told her all that the man had done for her and
all that the man had done for her and
all that the man had done for her and she said these six Eva's of barley he
she said these six Eva's of barley he
she said these six Eva's of barley he gave me four he said to me do not go
gave me four he said to me do not go
gave me four he said to me do not go empty handed to your mother-in-law sit
empty handed to your mother-in-law sit
empty handed to your mother-in-law sit still my daughter until you know how the
still my daughter until you know how the
still my daughter until you know how the matter will turn out for the man will
matter will turn out for the man will
matter will turn out for the man will not rest until he has concluded the
not rest until he has concluded the
not rest until he has concluded the matter this day
matter this day
matter this day [Music]